Updates Dev tools pages updates (#445)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/tools/matic-js/installation.md

# Installation

## Matic.JS

> [Matic.js](https://github.com/maticnetwork/matic.js) a JavaScript library build to facilitate interaction with the Polygon Network. It provides developers with a simplified operations on the Polygon Network, such as depositing, transferring, and withdrawing assets allowing developers to focus on building (DApps) without the need for in-depth knowledge of blockchain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Matic.js](https://github.com/maticnetwork/matic.js) a JavaScript library that facilitates interaction with the Polygon network. It provides developers with simplified operations such as depositing, transferring, and withdrawing assets; allowing developers to focus on building (dApps) without the need for in-depth knowledge of blockchain systems. 
```

```sh
npm i @maticnetwork/maticjs
```
## Ethereum library

> The Ethereum library allows us to use any favorite ether library. It is injected into maticjs using plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ethereum library allows us to use any ether library. It is injected into Matic.js using plugins.
```

```sh
npm install @maticnetwork/maticjs-ethers
```

> ### System Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### System requirements
```
